Add an index page to the docu and change readme of the repo. (#35)
echemdb/echemdb: doc/index.md

Welcome to echemdb's documentation!
========================================
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/echemdb/echemdb/0.1.3?urlpath=tree%2Fdoc%2Fusage%2Fentry_interactions.md) 
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.6502901.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.6502901)

This echemdb module provides a Python library to interact with a database of 
[frictionless datapackages](https://frictionlessdata.io/)
containing electrochemical data following [echemdb's metadata schema](https://github.com/echemdb/metadata-schema).

> Such a database can be generated from the data schown on [echemdb.org](https://www.echemdb.org) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Such a database can be generated from the data on [echemdb.org](https://www.echemdb.org) 
```

> or it can be created from local files which have the same file structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or from local files.
```

+++

Examples
========

The currently available data shown on [echemdb.org](https://www.echemdb.org) can be downloaded and stored in a database.

```{code-cell} ipython3
from echemdb.cv.database import Database
db = Database()
db.describe()
```

Filtering the database for entries having specific properties, e.g., containing Pt as working electrode material, returns a new database.

```{code-cell} ipython3
db_filtered = db.filter(lambda entry: entry.system.electrodes.working_electrode.material == 'Pt')
db_filtered.describe()
```

A single entry can be retrieved with the identifiers provided on the website
(see for example [engstfeld_2018_polycrystalline_17743_f4b_1](https://echemdb.github.io/website/cv/entries/engstfeld_2018_polycrystalline_17743_f4b_1/))

```{code-cell} ipython3
entry = db['engstfeld_2018_polycrystalline_17743_f4b_1']
```

> Each entry has a set of descriptors which contain information about its `source`, the electrochemical system `system`, or the original publication's figure properties `entry.figure_description`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each entry has a set of descriptors such as its ``source`` or the electrochemical ``system``.
```

```{code-cell} ipython3
entry.source # or entry['source']
```

The data related to an entry can be returned as a [pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org/) dataframe (values are provided in SI units).

```{code-cell} ipython3
entry.df.head()
```

```{code-cell} ipython3
entry.field_unit('E')
```

The dataframe can be returned with custom or original figure axes' units by rescaling the entry.

```{code-cell} ipython3
entry.rescale({'E' : 'mV', 'j' : 'uA / m2'}).df.head()
```

```{code-cell} ipython3
original_entry = entry.rescale('original')
original_entry.df.head()
```

The data can be visualized in a plotly figure:

```{code-cell} ipython3
original_entry.plot()
```

Installation
=========

> The package is hosted on [PiPY](https://pypi.org/project/echemdb/) and can be installed via pip

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package is available on [PiPY](https://pypi.org/project/echemdb/) and can be installed with pip:
```

```sh .noeval
pip install echemdb
```

> or via conda

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package is also available on [conda-forge](https://github.com/conda-forge/echemdb-feedstock) an can be installed with conda:
```

```sh .noeval

> conda install echemdb

Reviewer: ```suggestion
conda install -c conda-forge echemdb
```

```

> Read the [installation instructions](installation.md) on further details if you want to contribute to the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [installation instructions](installation.md) for further details.
```
